hey everybody welcome to League of
Legends today I'm playing a squid yeah
whoa whoa are you guys excited I'm
excited I booty had me like I get that
booty booty had me like uh-oh get that
booty what okay he's gonna go in I feel
it I feel it he wants me he was ha ha ha
what what are they just what was alright
oh yeah you want some more twisted fate
I'll kick you right in the face with my
laser here it comes oh oh yeah you like
that huh twisted fates a baby so he has
his jungler hear now don't ya don't you
twist it whoa-ho-ho-ho a little oh oh oh
yeah yeah get Rick's kitty is on his way
he is on his way and we are going to
wreck this guy with it okay oh oh
oh that's nice yeah I am on my way bot
Lane here i come to save the day please
we just give you a few seconds here come
on grandpa's coming grandpa's coming
kids oh let's get this guy first all
right I can get this guy do ya know okay
super slow super slow squid alright
Longson award that and snipe am Here I
goes like just getting hit okay what now
what now oh what's that you say top lane
you want me to kick yours but here I God
cream melted the laser is just so fun I
can't stand that okay listen it's time
to go rector I have rust but the rally i
would like to kill you ah here we go yes
boom exploded oh baby you're all those
daggers okay i want to save the day I'm
gonna save the gayest day again whoops
what I would say teamfight okay oh oh oh
this is that oh my god what a man is
that oh oh no oh oh oh okay okay oh my
God he's so low can I get it with my
laser oh he's just out of range come on
Aurilia yes bre our next baby gavere ok
team we can do this you just gotta
believe
oh ok how bad ok team we can do this oh
if only on my laser Oh melted uh-uh
lasers out lasers up oh you really just
got a clear wards whenever we have time
oh she's got the aura yeah that was
fiora what do I do now oh oh oh okay oh
oh oh oh soda girl good job oh oh yeah
ha kappa i gotta kill you again here i
come on my way baby it's to ripple about
to heaven oh ok fine GG i guess get rekt
scrubs